
  A bus station is where a bus stops.
  A train station is where a train stops.
  Do you have workstation on your desk ?!!! 




     
         A wife and her husband were having a dinner party for all the 
 major status figures in Rome, Italy. The wife was very excited 
 about this and wanted everything to be perfect. At the very
 last minute, she realized that she didn't have any snails for 
 this dinner party, so she asked her husband to run down to the 
 beach with the bucket she was handing him to gather some
 snails.

 Very grudgingly he agreed. He took the bucket, walked out the 
 door, down the steps, and out to the beach. As he was
 collecting the snails, he noticed a beautiful woman strolling 
 alongside the water just a little further down the beach. He 
 kept thinking to himself "Wouldn't it be great if she would
 even just come down and talk to me." He went back to gathering 
 the snails. All of a sudden he looked up, and the beautiful
 woman was standing right over him. 

 They got to talking, and she invited him back to her place. 
 They were at her apartment a ways down the beach, one thing 
 led to another, and he ended up falling asleep there.

 At seven o'clock the next morning he woke up and exclaimed, 
 "Oh no!!! My wife's dinner party!!!" He gathered all his
 clothes, put them on real fast, grabbed his bucket, and ran 
 out the door. He ran down the beach all the way to his
 apartment.  He ran up the stairs of his apartment. He was in 
 such a hurry that when he got to the top of the stairs, he
 dropped the bucket of snails. 

 There were snails all down the stairs. The door opened just 
 then, with a very angry wife standing in the door way
 wondering where he's been all this time. He looked at the
 snails all down the steps, then he looked at her, then back at 
 the snails and said: "Come on guys, we're almost there!"








The following item was printed in the July newsletter of the Oregon Region
SCCA:   From the Dumb and Dumber File

You all know about the Darwin Awards -- It's an annual honor given to
the person who did the gene pool the biggest service by killing themselves
in the most extraordinarily stupid way.  Last year's winner was the fellow
who was killed by a Coke machine which toppled over on top of him while he
was attempting to tip a free soda out of it.   This year's nominee is: The
Arizona Highway Patrol came upon a pile of smoldering metal embedded in the
side of a cliff rising above the road at the apex of a curve.  The wreckage
resembled the site of an airplane crash, but it was a car.  The type of car
was unidentifiable at the scene.  The lab finally figured out what it was
and what happened.   It seems that a guy had somehow gotten hold of a JATO
unit (Jet Assisted Take Off -- actually a solid fuel rocket) that is used
to give heavy military transport planes an extra "push" for taking off from
short airfields.  He had driven his Chevy Impala out into the desert and
found a long, straight stretch of road.  (Not long enough.)  Then he
attached the JATO unit to his car, jumped in, got up some speed and fired
off the JATO !   The facts as best as could be determined are that the
operator of the 1967 Impala hit JATO ignition at a distance of
approximately 3.0 miles from the crash site.  This was established by the
prominent scorched and melted asphalt at that location.  The JATO, if
operating properly, would have reached maximum thrust within 5 seconds,
causing the Chevy to reach a speed well in excess of 350 mph and continuing
at full power for an additional 20-25 seconds.  The driver, soon to be
pilot, most likely would have experienced G-forces usually reserved for dog
fighting F-14 jocks under full afterburners, basically causing him  to
become insignificant for the remainder of the event.  However, the
automobile remained on the straight highway for about 2.5 miles (15-20
seconds) before the driver applied and completely melted the brakes,
blowing the tires and leaving thick rubber marks on the road surface. He,
then, became airborne for an additional 1.4 miles and impacted the cliff
face at a height of 125 feet leaving a blackened crater 3 feet deep in the
rock.   Most of the driver's remains were not recoverable; however, small
fragments of bone, teeth and hair were extracted from the crater and
fingernail and bone chards were removed from a piece of debris believed to
be a portion of the steering wheel.
NOTE: Solid-fuel rockets don't have an 'off'... once started, they burn
at full thrust 'till the fuel is all gone.


This year's runner-up:  An insurance company asked for more information
regarding a work-related accident claim.  This was the response:  "I put
'poor planning' as the cause of my accident.  I am an amateur radio
operator and was working on the top section of my new 80 foot tower. When
I had completed my work, I discovered that I had, over the course of
several trips up the tower, brought up about 300 pounds of tools and spare
hardware.  Rather than carry the materials down by hand, I decided to lower
the items using a pulley.  Securing the rope at ground level, I went to the
top of the tower and loaded the tools into a small barrel.  Then I went
back to the ground and untied the rope, holding it tightly to ensure a slow
descent of the 300 pounds of tools.  You will note in block number 11 of
the accident report that I weigh 155 pounds.  Due to my surprise of being
jerked off the ground so suddenly, I lost my presence of mind and forgot to
let go of the rope.  I proceeded at a rather rapid rate of speed up the
side of the tower.  In the vicinity of the 40 foot level, I met the barrel
coming down.  This explains my fractured skull and broken collarbone.
Slowed only slightly, I continued my rapid ascent, not  stopping until the
fingers of my right hand were two knuckles deep into the pulley.  I
regained my presence of mind and was able to hold onto the rope in spite of
my pain.  At the same time, however, the barrel of tools hit the ground and
the bottom fell out of the barrel.  Devoid of the weight of the tools, the
barrel now weighed approximately 20 pounds.  I refer you again to my weight
in block number 11..  As you might imagine, I began a rapid descent down the
side of the tower.  In the vicinity of the 40 foot level, I met the barrel
coming up.  This accounts for the two fractured ankles, and the lacerations
of my legs and lower body.  The encounter with the barrel slowed me enough
to lessen my injuries when I fell onto the pile of tools so only three
vertebrae were cracked.  I am sorry to report, however, that as I lay on
the tools, in pain, unable to stand and watching the empty barrel 80 feet
above me, I again lost my presence of mind and let go of the rope..."

....and yet one more:
Larry Walters is among the relatively few who have actually turned their
dreams into reality.  His story is true, though you may find it hard to
believe.
Larry was a truck driver, but his lifelong dream was to fly.  When he
graduated from high school, he joined the Air Force in hopes of becoming a
pilot.  Unfortunately, poor eyesight disqualified him.  So when he finally
left the service, he had to satisfy himself with watching others fly the
fighter jets that crisscrossed the skies over his backyard.  As he sat
there in his lawn chair, he dreamed about the magic of flying.     Then one
day, Larry Walters got an idea.  He went down to the local army-navy
surplus store and bought a tank of helium and forty-five weather balloons.
These were not your brightly colored party balloons, these were heave-duty
spheres measuring more than four feet across when fully inflated.    Back
in his yard, Larry used straps to attach the balloons to his lawn chair,
the kind you might have in your own back yard.  He anchored the chair to
the bumper of his jeep and inflated the balloons with helium.  Then he
packed some sandwiches and drinks and loaded a BB gun, figuring he could
pop a few of those balloons when it was time to return to earth.    His
preparations complete, Larry Walters sat in his chair and cut the anchoring
cord.  His plan was to lazily float back down to terra firma.  But things
didn't quite work out that way.     When Larry cut the cord, he didn't
float lazily up; he shot up as if fired from a cannon!  Nor did he go up a
couple hundred feet.  He climbed and climbed until he finally leveled off
at eleven thousand feet!  At that height, he could hardly risk deflating
any of the balloons, lest he unbalance the load and really experience
flying!  So he stayed up there, sailing around for fourteen hours, totally
at a loss as to how to get down.     Eventually, Larry drifted into the
approach corridor for Los Angeles International Airport.  A Pan Am pilot
radioed the tower about passing a guy in a lawn chair at eleven thousand
feet with a gun in his lab.  (Now there's a conversation I'd have given
anything to have heard!)     LAX is right on the ocean, and you may know
that at nightfall, the winds on the coast begin to change.  So, as dusk
fell, Larry began drifting out to sea.  At that point, the Navy dispatched
a helicopter to rescue him.  But the rescue team had a hard time getting to
him, because the draft from their propeller kept pushing his home-made
contraption farther and farther away.  Eventually they were able to hover
over him and drop a rescue line with which they gradually hauled him back
to earth.     As soon as Larry hit the ground, he was arrested.  But as he
was being led away in handcuffs, a television reported called out, "Mr.
Walters, why'd you do it?"  Larry stopped, eyed the man, then replied
nonchalantly, "A man can't just sit around."





There are 2 rules to success in life:

1. Don't tell people everything you know.





Q: How do you save a drowning lawyer?

A: Throw him a rock.





A programmer had been missing from work for over a week when finally 
someone noticed and called the cops.

They went round to his flat and broke the door down. They found him dead 
in the still running shower with an empty bottle of shampoo next to his 
body. Apparently he'd been washing his hair.

The instructions on the bottle said:

>>>Wet hair
>>>Apply shampoo
>>>Wait 2 minutes
>>>Rinse
>>>Repeat





There was this blonde who just got sick and tired of hearing "Dumb  Blonde" 
jokes, so one evening she went home and memorized all the state capitals.

Back in the office the next day, some guy starts telling a Dumb Blonde joke. 
She interrupts with the shrill announcement: "I've had it up to HERE with 
these dumb Blonde jokes. I want you to know that THIS blonde went home last 
night and did something probably none of you could do: I memorized all the 
state capitals !"

So one of the guys says, "Oh yeah?  What's the capital of Wyoming?"

"W," she answers.






Dear Ms. Ezell:

Thank you for your letter of April 17. After careful consideration I
regret to inform you that I am unable to accept your refusal to
offer me employment with your firm. This year I have been
particularly fortunate in receiving an unusually large number of
rejection letters. With such a varied and promising field of
candidates it is impossible for me to accept all refusals.

Despite your company's outstanding qualifications and previous
experience in rejecting applicants, I find that your rejection does
not meet with my needs at this time. Therefore, I will initiate
employment with your firm immediately following graduation. I look
forward to seeing you then.

Best of luck in rejecting future candidates.

Sincerely,
Matt Taylor





     WIFE:          "There's trouble with the car. It has water in the
     carburetor."

     HUSBAND:  "Water in the carburetor? That's ridiculous."

     WIFE:          "I tell you the car has water in the carburetor."

     HUSBAND:  "You don't even know what a carburetor is.  I'll check it
     out.   Where's the car?"

     WIFE:           "In the pool."





As you may know, in a slalom race the skier must pass through about 20
"gates" in the fastest time...Well it happened that Israel had the
fastest slalom skier in the world and had great expectations for an
Olympic gold medal.

Came the day of the final, the crowd waited in anticipation. The
French champion sped down the course in 38 seconds. The Swiss in 38.7
seconds, the German in 37.8 seconds, the Italian in 38.1 seconds, and
then came the turn of the Israeli...the crowd waited, and waited...SIX
MINUTES!!

"What happened to you?" screamed his trainer when the Israeli finally
arrived.

Screamed the exausted Israeli: "All right...who's the wise guy who put
a mezuzah on every gate!?!





A journalist had done a story on gender roles in Kuwait 
several years before the Gulf War, and she noted then that 
women customarily walked about 10 feet behind their husbands.  
She returned to Kuwait recently and observed that the men 
now walked several yards behind their wives.

She approached one of the women for an explanation.

"This is marvelous," said the journalist. "What enabled women 
here to achieve this reversal of roles?"

One Kuwaiti woman replied, "Land mines"






An Irishman walks into a bar in Dublin, orders three pints of Guinness
and sits in the back of the room, drinking a sip out of each one
inturn.
When he finishes them, he comes back to the bar and  orders
three more.
The bartender asks him, "You know, a pint goes flat after I draw it;
it would taste better if you bought one at a time."
The Irishman replies, "Well, you see, I have two brothers. One is in
America, the other in Australia, and I'm here in Dublin.  When we all
left home, we promised that we'd drink this way to remember the days
when we drank together."

The bartender admits that this is a nice custom, and leaves it there.
The Irishman becomes a regular in the bar, and always drinks the same
way: He orders three pints and drinks them in turn.

One day, he comes in and orders two pints. All the other regulars
notice and fall silent.

When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bartender
says, "I don't want to intrude on your grief, but I wanted to offer my
condolences on your great loss."

The Irishman looks confused for a moment, then a light dawns in his
eye and he laughs. "Oh, no," he, says, "everyone's fine.  I've just
quit drinking."





Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time.
			 I think I've forgotten this before.

 just bought a microwave fireplace... You can spend an evening
		in front of it in only eight minutes...

I xeroxed a mirror. Now I have an extra Xerox machine.






Fellow 1 : "Now my grandfather, he knew the exact day of the
year that he was going to die. It was the right year too. Not
only that, but he knew what time he would die that day, and he
was right about that too."
Fellow 2 : "Wow, that's Incredible. How did he know all of that?"
Fellow 1 : "A judge told him."





One day in the Garden of Eden, Eve calls out to God, "Lord, I have a 
problem!" 
"What's the problem, Eve?" 
"Lord, I know you've created me and have provided this beautiful garden and 
all of these wonderful animals, and that hilarious comedy snake, but I'm 
just not happy." 
"Why is that Eve?" comes the reply from above. 
"Lord, I am lonely. And I'm sick to death of apples." 
Well, Eve, in that case I have a solution. I shall create a man for 
you." 
"What's a man, Lord?" 
"This man will be a flawed creature, with aggressive tendencies, an 
enormous ego and an inability to empathize or listen to you properly. 
All in all, he'll give you a hard time. But he'll be bigger and 
faster and more muscular than you, he'll be really good at fighting and 
kicking a ball about and hunting fleet-footed ruminants, and not 
altogether bad in the sack." 
"Sounds great," says Eve, with an ironically raised eyebrow. 
"But you can have him, only on one condition." 
"What's that, Lord?" 
"You'll have to let him believe that I created him first." 




 What is the difference between Mechanical Engineers and Civil       
 Engineers?       
 Mechanical Engineers build weapons, Civil Engineers build targets.       




The graduate with a Science degree asks, "Why does it work?"
The graduate with an Engineering degree asks, "How does it work?"
The graduate with an Accounting degree asks, "How much will it cost?"
The graduate with a  Liberal Arts degree asks, "Do you want fries
with that?"





Only in America...can a pizza get to your house faster than an
ambulance...

Only in America...are there handicap parking places in front of a
skating rink...

Only in America...do people order double cheese burgers, a large
fry, and a diet coke...

Only in America...do banks leave both doors open and then chain the
pens to the counters...

Only in America...do we leave cars worth thousands of dollars in
the driveway and leave useless things and junk in boxes in the
garage...

Only in America...do we use answering machines to screen calls and
then have call waiting so we won't miss a call from someone we didn't
want to talk to in the first place...

Only in America...do we buy hot dogs in packages of ten and buns in
packages of eight...

Only in America...do we use the word "politics" to describe the
process
so well: "Poli" in latin meaning "many" and "tics" meaning
"blood-sucking creatures"...



